Update XLTS dependencies (#1)
xlts-dev/angularjs-webpack-babel: README.md

## Getting Started

> Make sure to add the XLTS for AngularJS authentication token you were provided to the `.npmrc` file.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure to you have configured your authentication with the XLTS.dev registry via
- supplying the token in the `.npmrc` file in your user home directory
- logging into the registry via the npm CLI

```
